one of the biggest changes that's
happened in the design of our homes over
the past decade or so has been how much
we're opening them up we see that in the
way our indoor spaces have become open
plan and also how we've opened up our
interior living areas to the outdoors
this has been a global trend seen in
different climatic conditions so the
Singapore home designed by architects on
and on is a good example it's been
designed with a mid-century modern look
and then given the contemporary twist
the main living areas occupy a large
open plan space on the ground floor and
these have an unobstructed views of the
pool and front lawn large glass doors
can be retracted back into the stone
walls to make the indoor and outdoor
areas one while substantial overhang
controls the amount of Sun that enters
the house inside furniture groupings and
rugs help break this large space into
its component uses on the second floor
additional living areas and bedrooms in
placed around the perimeter again giving
the opportunity for those rooms to open
up to the outside this allows for
natural ventilation plus an indoor
outdoor flow while the design still
restricts the amount of direct sunlight
entering and provides privacy from
neighbors the house is most impressive
feature though sits in the center of the
second floor a sculptural metal
staircase that leads to a rooftop
terrace which the owners used for
barbecues and general entertaining the
staircase sits in a courtyard open to
the sky above but enclosed in glass
bringing natural light into the heart of
this upper level while providing a
sculptural focal point for most of the
rooms
you